Coachella: Grimes apologises for technical difficulties

Mon 15 Apr 2024

BBC NEWS

Grimes has apologised for "major technical difficulties" during her Coachella DJ set.

Fans watched the singer scream in frustration after a string of problems - such as songs playing at double-speed - marred the second half of her festival slot.

Posting on X, the singer said it was "one of the first times" she had "outsourced essential things".

"I will not let such a thing happen again," she said.

She added she would "personally organise" everything for the festival's second weekend.

"I've spent months on this show, making music and visuals, and admittedly am not in the best mood atm."

It wasn't the only moment from the event, held in Indio, California, to go viral on social media for the wrong reasons.

A clip of Blur's performance was widely shared online, after frontman Damon Albarn criticised the crowd for failing to sing along during 90s hit Girls & Boys.

"You're never seeing us again so you might as well sing it," he said. "Know what I'm saying?"

Song 2 had a better reaction - which might have been due to its popularity online.

Introducing the song, Damon said: "This song has been so good to us.

"But I did get shown a TikTok of it being kind of performed by a vacuum cleaner which is you know…. It is humbling and inspiring at the same time."

The first weekend was headlined by Lana Del Rey, Tyler the Creator and Doja Cat.

And as usual at Coachella, there were some surprise guest appearances - with Olivia Rodrigo turning up to sing with No Doubt.

It was the first performance from the Gwen Stefani-fronted rock band in almost a decade, and Olivia joined them to sing Bathwater.

Singer Kesha also showed up during Mean Girls star Reneé Rapp's set to duet on a rewrite of 2010 hit Tik Tok.

The pair changed lyrics about P Diddy in an apparent reference to a series of sexual assault allegations faced by the rapper.

Four women, including his long-time partner Casandra "Cassie" Ventura, have filed lawsuits accusing the musician of sexual and physical abuse, which he strongly denies.

Lana Del Rey headlined the Friday night, and also brought out special guests - including Billie Eilish, Jon Batiste and Jack Antonoff.

But Jack's band Bleachers attracted the biggest guest stars of the weekend, even though they didn't make it on-stage.

Dubstep star pulls out of Coachella over visa 'snag'
Sum 41's 'energy and attitude' inspires new bands
US visa costs 'impossible' to afford, say artists
Watching from the audience was Taylor Swift and her boyfriend, NFL player Travis Kelce, who were spotted dancing by fans.

Taylor's album The Tortured Poets Department, which Jack is rumoured to have worked on, is out on Friday.